README.md, before:

# TiltFiveGodot4

TiltFiveGodot4 is **GDExtension** for the Godot 4 engine to connect to the [Tilt Five](https://www.tiltfive.com/) system. It extends Godot's **XRInterface** and adds T5 Nodes to handle the creation of the XR rigs in the scene.

## Platforms

| | Renderer</br> Forward+ | Renderer</br> Mobile | Renderer</br> Compatibility |
| - | - | - | - |
| Windows |✅| ✅ | ✅  |
| Linux<sup>1</sup> |  &checkmark; |&checkmark; | &checkmark;  |
| Android | | &#10060; |  |

1. [Experimental Version](https://github.com/patrickdown/TiltFiveGodot4/releases/tag/1.1.0-linux-experimental3)

## Usage

TiltFiveGodot4 is available in the Godot Asset Library. 

Installable [Releases can also be found here](https://github.com/GodotVR/TiltFiveGodot4/releases). 
- Use `gdtiltfive_gdscript.zip` for gdscript projects
- Use `gdtiltfive_csharp.zip` for C# projects

Please refer to this [documentation](https://patrickdown.github.io/godot/tilt-five-godot-4.html) for installation.

## Build

### Prerequisites

This extension requires a C++20 capable compiler.

Things you will need to know how to do.
* Use [scons](https://scons.org/) 
* [Build GDExtensions](https://docs.godotengine.org/en/stable/tutorials/scripting/gdextension/gdextension_cpp_example.html)

### Building the extension

To build the plugin invoke `scons` from the root directory of the project. The build product will in `build\bin`.  Invoking `scons example` will build the product and copy the binaries to the `example.gd\addons\tilt-five\bin` and `example.csharp\addons\tilt-five\bin` directories. 

## Using the build products

When built with the `example` option the `addons\tilt-five` directory can be copied from the `example.gd` or `example.csharp` directories into the root directory of a new Godot project.

Commit message:

Android port
Fixed compiler errors for Android NDK clang compiler
Added drop in replacement for std::jthread for Android NDK clang compiler
Added a gradle sub project in the androidplugin directory. This integrates the Java part of the Tilt Five SDK for Android.
In TileFiveXRInterface test the Android platform and load the platform context from the Java plugin
Handle pause and resume notifications from Android
Added Android export in plugin.gd to gather .arr files
Enabled Android build in SConstruct
Shell out new gradle build in SConstruct
Update github CI to assemble zip file with the new Android files.

README.md, after:

# TiltFiveGodot4

TiltFiveGodot4 is **GDExtension** for the Godot 4 engine to connect to the [Tilt Five](https://www.tiltfive.com/) system. It extends Godot's **XRInterface** and adds T5 Nodes to handle the creation of the XR rigs in the scene.

## Platforms

| | Renderer</br> Forward+ | Renderer</br> Mobile | Renderer</br> Compatibility |
| - | - | - | - |
| Windows |✅| ✅ | ✅  |
| Linux<sup>1</sup> |  &checkmark; |&checkmark; | &checkmark;  |
| Android |&#10060;| &#10060; |✅|

1. [Experimental Version](https://github.com/patrickdown/TiltFiveGodot4/releases/tag/1.1.0-linux-experimental3)

## Usage

TiltFiveGodot4 is available in the Godot Asset Library. 

Installable [Releases can also be found here](https://github.com/GodotVR/TiltFiveGodot4/releases). 
- Use `gdtiltfive_gdscript.zip` for gdscript projects
- Use `gdtiltfive_csharp.zip` for C# projects

Please refer to this [documentation](https://patrickdown.github.io/godot/tilt-five-godot-4.html) for installation.

## Build

### Prerequisites

This extension requires a C++20 capable compiler. To build for Android you will need Java 17 and the Android SDK along with the r26c NDK.

Things you will need to know how to do.
* Use [scons](https://scons.org/) 
* [Build GDExtensions](https://docs.godotengine.org/en/stable/tutorials/scripting/gdextension/gdextension_cpp_example.html)

### Building the extension

To build the plugin invoke `scons` from the root directory of the project. The build product will in `build\bin`.  Invoking `scons --assemble` will build the product and copy the binaries to the `example.gd\addons\tilt-five\bin` and `example.csharp\addons\tilt-five\bin` directories. 

## Using the build products

When built with the `example` option the `addons\tilt-five` directory can be copied from the `example.gd` or `example.csharp` directories into the root directory of a new Godot project.
